[MSGraphPS] Feedback about client secret credentials (#569)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoftgraph-docs-powershell: microsoftgraph/docs-conceptual/authentication-commands.md

This type of grant will help when you need interactions in the background without a user to sign in. Support for client secret credentials was added by adding **-ClientSecretCredential** parameter to **Connect-MgGraph**. See [Get-Credential](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.security/get-credential) on how to get or create credentials.

```powershell
$User = <Application (client) ID>
$PWord = ConvertTo-SecureString -String <Client Secret> -AsPlainText -Force

> $ClientSecretCredential = New-Object -TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSCredential -ArgumentList $User, $PWord

Author: Hi @SteveMutungi254 a customer suggested this script in a GitHub issue, stating that the one in our documentation didn’t work. Could you please check if this is correct?
Thank you in advance!

> $User = <Application (client) ID>
> $PWord = ConvertTo-SecureString -String <Client Secret> -AsPlainText -Force
> $ClientSecretCredential = New-Object -TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSCredential -ArgumentList $User, $PWord

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Define the Application (Client) ID and Secret
$ApplicationClientId = '<application(client)ID>' # Application (Client) ID
$ApplicationClientSecret = '<secret.value>' # Application Secret Value
$TenantId = 'Tenant_Id' # Tenant ID

# Convert the Client Secret to a Secure String
$SecureClientSecret = ConvertTo-SecureString -String $ApplicationClientSecret -AsPlainText -Force

# Create a PSCredential Object Using the Client ID and Secure Client Secret
$ClientSecretCredential = New-Object -TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSCredential -ArgumentList $ApplicationClientId, $SecureClientSecret
```

> # Enter client_secret in the password prompt.
> Connect-MgGraph -TenantId "Tenant_Id" -ClientSecretCredential $ClientSecretCredential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connect to Microsoft Graph Using the Tenant ID and Client Secret Credential
Connect-MgGraph -TenantId $TenantId -ClientSecretCredential $ClientSecretCredential
```

Author: Thank you @SteveMutungi254!
